we are currently in wall-e
studios chose to walk upside down
to show you his and ifi the
multiple kinds in time someone or
go to the new attractions
black ratatouille three scorers was
a little I'll watch for 0 here we are
in the heart of paris they added everything
intruder for new africa get
fold yes I show you that there is
feels like in paris trying
to hang his Paris grid requires
superno
we will try to make the attraction a
not this one says m this stuff there
worst after all
jaffa on me well
really not here to do
it's my planned attraction I'm
coach I'm in the best
attraction that is with the sound jersey
pink on the rails I can finally do
ratatouille we only made five minutes
of hashish and that's where I feel
tattoo pull it was it was
3d so I can not show it to you
because these opinions really is that if
three deaths not only the glasses
the wheels on the side fasquelle it is
amazing return to life in the east
in the disney stores we go
from one universe to the other of komo
it's not me it's bomber
yeah I just stumbled upon a barber
I would do if you can see it's a
true bet I had seen a report on it
and it's a real bar very short
is very friendly and there bah
inevitably I spent and I think
I will continue good I still cracked
this month for a puzzle with huge and
I wanted to show you a preset goal
it's amazing, but here I go
would you like to put that background of
night because we wanted to redo this
he climbs but eventually he is closed
but here we are
discovery night moors
be 6
at
we're in rain forest and it's up to
aquarium
I continue because I still have three
nice things to get there godard
month
Oh
we are fighting there are disney village have
continued again the evening we will be done
serenely leaders implanet limoges
of something like that and I end
certainly my last pictures before
the end of my battery
here it is very cool and subscribe